packages/document-grounding/README.md, before:

# @sap-ai-sdk/document-grounding

> [!warning]
> This package is still in **beta** and is subject to breaking changes. Use it with caution.

SAP Cloud SDK for AI is the official Software Development Kit (SDK) for **SAP AI Core**, **SAP Generative AI Hub**, and **Orchestration Service**.

This package incorporates generative AI document grounding capabilities into your AI activities in SAP AI Core and SAP AI Launchpad.

### Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Create a Collection](#create-a-collection)
  - [Create a Document](#create-a-document)
  - [Custom Destination](#custom-destination)
- [Local Testing](#local-testing)
- [Support, Feedback, Contribution](#support-feedback-contribution)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

```
$ npm install @sap-ai-sdk/document-grounding
```

## Prerequisites

- [Enable the AI Core service in SAP BTP](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/initial-setup).
- Configure the project with **Node.js v20 or higher** and **native ESM** support.

> **Accessing the AI Core Service via the SDK**
>
> The SDK automatically retrieves the `AI Core` service credentials and resolves the access token needed for authentication.
>
> - In Cloud Foundry, it's accessed from the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variable.
> - In Kubernetes / Kyma environments, you have to mount the service binding as a secret instead, for more information refer to [this documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sap/xsenv#usage-in-kubernetes).

## Usage

The examples below demonstrate the usage of the most commonly used APIs in SAP AI Core document grounding service.
In addition to the examples below, you can find more **sample code** [here](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/main/sample-code/src/document-grounding.ts).

### Create a Collection

```ts
import
const response =
  await VectorApi.createCollection(
    {
      title: 'ai-sdk-js-e2e',
      embeddingConfig: {
        modelName: 'text-embedding-ada-002-v2'
      },
      metadata: []
    },
    {
      'AI-Resource-Group': 'default'
    }
  ).executeRaw();

const collectionId = (response.headers.location as string).split('/').at(-2);
```

### Create a Document

```ts
const response: DocumentsListResponse = await VectorApi.createDocuments(
  collectionId,
  {
    documents: [
      {
        metadata: [],
        chunks: [
          {
            content:
              'SAP Cloud SDK for AI is the official Software Development Kit (SDK) for SAP AI Core, SAP Generative AI Hub, and Orchestration Service.',
            metadata: []
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    'AI-Resource-Group': 'default'
  }
).execute();
```

### Custom Destination

When calling the `execute()` method, it is possible to provide a custom destination.
For example, when querying deployments targeting a destination with the name `my-destination`, the following code can be used:

```ts
const response = await VectorApi.deleteCollectionById(collectionId, {
  'AI-Resource-Group': 'default'
}).execute({
  destinationName: 'my-destination'
});
```

## Local Testing

For local testing instructions, refer to this [section](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/main/README.md#local-testing).

## Support, Feedback, Contribution

Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome.
For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

The SAP Cloud SDK for AI is released under the [Apache License Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/).

Commit message:

Adding resource group grounding label

packages/document-grounding/README.md, after:

# @sap-ai-sdk/document-grounding

> [!warning]
> This package is still in **beta** and is subject to breaking changes. Use it with caution.

SAP Cloud SDK for AI is the official Software Development Kit (SDK) for **SAP AI Core**, **SAP Generative AI Hub**, and **Orchestration Service**.

This package incorporates generative AI document grounding capabilities into your AI activities in SAP AI Core and SAP AI Launchpad.

### Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Create a Collection](#create-a-collection)
  - [Create a Document](#create-a-document)
  - [Custom Destination](#custom-destination)
- [Local Testing](#local-testing)
- [Support, Feedback, Contribution](#support-feedback-contribution)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

```
$ npm install @sap-ai-sdk/document-grounding
```

## Prerequisites

- [Enable the AI Core service in SAP BTP](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/initial-setup).
- Configure the project with **Node.js v20 or higher** and **native ESM** support.

> **Accessing the AI Core Service via the SDK**
>
> The SDK automatically retrieves the `AI Core` service credentials and resolves the access token needed for authentication.
>
> - In Cloud Foundry, it's accessed from the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variable.
> - In Kubernetes / Kyma environments, you have to mount the service binding as a secret instead, for more information refer to [this documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sap/xsenv#usage-in-kubernetes).

## Usage

The examples below demonstrate the usage of the most commonly used APIs in SAP AI Core document grounding service.
In addition to the examples below, you can find more **sample code** [here](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/main/sample-code/src/document-grounding.ts).

> Make sure if you define your own resource group that the resource group requires the correct label to use the document grounding service. When creating the resource group on SAP AI Launchpad, add the key-value pair label: `document-grounding: true`. You can also create the resource group via the orchestration API. You can find more information about [Creating a Resource Group for Grounding](https://help.sap.com/docs/sap-ai-core/sap-ai-core-service-guide/create-resource-group-for-ai-data-management?locale=en-US) in the SAP Help document.

### Create a Collection

```ts
import
const response =
  await VectorApi.createCollection(
    {
      title: 'ai-sdk-js-e2e',
      embeddingConfig: {
        modelName: 'text-embedding-ada-002'
      },
      metadata: []
    },
    {
      'AI-Resource-Group': 'default'
    }
  ).executeRaw();

const collectionId = (response.headers.location as string).split('/').at(-2);
```

### Create a Document

```ts
const response: DocumentsListResponse = await VectorApi.createDocuments(
  collectionId,
  {
    documents: [
      {
        metadata: [],
        chunks: [
          {
            content:
              'SAP Cloud SDK for AI is the official Software Development Kit (SDK) for SAP AI Core, SAP Generative AI Hub, and Orchestration Service.',
            metadata: []
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
  },
  {
    'AI-Resource-Group': 'default'
  }
).execute();
```

### Custom Destination

When calling the `execute()` method, it is possible to provide a custom destination.
For example, when querying deployments targeting a destination with the name `my-destination`, the following code can be used:

```ts
const response = await VectorApi.deleteCollectionById(collectionId, {
  'AI-Resource-Group': 'default'
}).execute({
  destinationName: 'my-destination'
});
```

## Local Testing

For local testing instructions, refer to this [section](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/main/README.md#local-testing).

## Support, Feedback, Contribution

Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome.
For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

The SAP Cloud SDK for AI is released under the [Apache License Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/).
